tailing pile it's absolutely huge
didn't think that somebody spent this
much time
here's the mine site over here Clyde's
in there checking it out but yeah
and behind them knees talk there it is
I've been all closed off so you can't
even get in there wouldn't want to
anyway it's only about two and a half
feet high that's full of water
very interesting area
huge tailings pile another tailings pile
just up above the area they were just
out and there's the goal hole that goes
down about 40 50 feet so we can see it's
too dark in there and see which way it
goes but it's obviously been closed off
practice looks like there's another
another one up there the old tape I'll
go check that out
yeah which would be the other one up go
what the original one where that gate is
on there okay thought I'd take a little
sample from the alien file I found a
nice little little spot here you got
some really interesting colors some
beautiful copper coloring lots of iron
support I'm gonna do a little sample are
they pressure up and see you when did
shows up should be interesting a little
sample from a tailings pile beautiful
colors
here we are digging in the side of the
tailings pile of live data over here
I did a spot just over here and I found
piles of copper and blue rocks and green
and quartz and all kinds of neat stuff
so we're gonna try different holes in
different areas and see what they came
up with that's all of the deep deep
under the ground in a hard rock mine
very nice colors see that the Blues
where's a sample of some of the stuff we
found in the tailings pile some pretty
cool colors a lot of beautiful blues
copper some pretty amazing samples some
of the the coloring and the metallic
quartz
you can see all that is too close blurry
but yeah there's some pretty neat stuff
in here some pretty nice colors see that
so with the minerals and stuff wow
that's a shiny stuff well here's
something pretty cool sample these gold
pirates on their beautiful know kind of
the course brought some back that yeah
yeah throat my little hand crusher and
do some pan and see what else shows up
but anyway that's what we ended up find
it pretty cool stuff
go back up there see what else is up
there yeah I like that one else that's
pretty cool
irons hoppers lots of murals